Feat(plugins): Add arista.avd.global_vars plugin (#2751)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/plugins/README.md

                        platform_settings | selectattr("platforms", "arista.avd.contains", "default") | first) }}
```

## Vars Plugins

### arista.avd.global_vars

> Loads variables from the variable file present in ansible.cfg or environment variable. Assign the loaded variables to the 'all' inventory group. Files are restricted by extension to one of .yaml, .json, .yml or no extension. Hidden (starting with '.') and backup (ending with '~') files and directories are ignored. Only applies to inventory sources that are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loads variables from variable files specified in ansible.cfg or in the environment variable. Assign the loaded variables to the 'all' inventory group. Files are restricted by extension to one of .yaml, .json, .yml or no extension. Hidden files (starting with '.') and backup files (ending with '~') and directories are ignored. Only applies to inventory sources that are
```

existing paths.

> Should run at the 'inventory' stage (default) before all other variable plugins inject the variables before any group and host vars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `arista.avd.global_vars` inventory plugin should run at the `inventory` stage (default) before all other variable plugins, to inject the variables before any group and host vars.
```

**parameters:**

```yaml
- paths:
        List of relative paths, relative to the inventory file.

>         If path is a directory, all the valid files inside are loaded in alphabetical order.

Reviewer: Above you say directories are ignored.

Author: haha good catch - there was a FIXME in my code ;) now it works!
